d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0.pdb
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\obj\Debug\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\obj\Debug\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0.pdb
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0.dll.config
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\AngleSharp.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.ActiveDirectory.GraphClient.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Client.Policy.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Client.TranslationServices.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.SharePoint.Tools.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Online.SharePoint.Client.Tenant.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ProjectServer.Client.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.DocumentManagement.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Publishing.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.Windows.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Search.Applications.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Search.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Taxonomy.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.UserProfiles.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.WorkflowServices.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\OfficeDevPnP.Core.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\SharePointPnP.IdentityModel.Extensions.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\AngleSharp.xml
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
d:\_Coding\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0\obj\Debug\DemoFeedbackTracker 2.0.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
